V5 Release note - Quality part (#873)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/quality/4-The-missing-image-criteria.md

# New "Missing image" criteria
::: meta-data type="New" ee-only="false"
:::

> You all know the expression _a picture is worth a thousand words_, don't you? Images play a critical role in designing compelling product experiences. We now checks whether your products have an image or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You all know the expression _a picture is worth a thousand words_, don't you? Images play a critical role in designing compelling product experiences. We now check whether your products have an image or not, and highlight it under the Data Quality Insights menu in your product forms, and also show this criteria as a key indicator on our new Data Quality Insights dashboard.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You all know the expression _a picture is worth a thousand words_, don't you? Images play a critical role in designing compelling product experiences. We now check whether your products have an image or not, and highlight it under the Data Quality Insights menu in your product forms, and also show this criteria as a key indicator on our revamped Data Quality Insights dashboard.
```
